Hey, check this out.
Huh?
Gossip.
It may seem like nothing more than harmless talk.
Or is it?
If you've ever found out somebody was talking about you behind your back, then you know.
Gossip can hurt.
The Bible says at Proverbs 12-18, that words can staff like a sword.
So how can you make sure that you aren't the one doing the staff?
Are you supposed to stop talking completely?
At Philippians 2-4, the Bible says we're supposed to be interested in the lives of others.
So it's normal to talk about other people.
But that talk can quickly turn ugly and damage a person's good reputation.
So what can you do before this happens?
For example, when comments about others get sarcastic or negative,
that's a sign the conversation's going in the wrong direction.
Don't get dragged in.
Change the subject.
You have to take action and fast.
Take responsibility.
You see, even if you're not the source of a rumor,
repeating it can make you guilty of spreading falsehood.
Instead, save yourself a lot of pain by following the Bible's wise counsel
and first Thessalonians 4-11.
Mind your own business.
Before you start talking about others, ask yourself,
do I really know all the facts?
If what I say gets repeated is the other person's reputation going to be damaged?
And what about my own reputation?
Remember, whenever harmful gossip creeps into your conversation,
take action.
The people around you will feel happy and so will you.